Update to Rust 2018 edition [ECR-2816] (#1230)
exonum/exonum: CHANGELOG.md

### Internal improvements

- All Exonum crates have been updated to Rust 2018 edition. This means that

>   we require at least Rust 1.31 for compilation. (#1230)

Reviewer: I have an information that even before this change build is impossible because some of our dependencies have already transfered to 2018 :wink:

Reviewer: As additional note, I think we should not use pronouns in the changelog. So:
```suggestion
  it is required to use Rust 1.31 or newer for compilation. (#1230)
```
